[suspenseful music plays]
[dramatic music plays]
[grunts]
[announcer] Point, Iron Dragons.
[grunting]
[announcer] Point, Cobra Kai.
[dramatic music continues]
[announcer] Tory Nichols
with another point for Cobra Kai.
[suspenseful music plays]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[yells]
[announcer] A decisive victory
by fan favorite Zara
who secures another point
for the Iron Dragons.
[crowd] Zara! Zara! Zara!
-[Johnny] LaRusso, let's go.
-[Daniel] Remember to stay focused.
Don't be afraid. Get in there.
Get in there. Be aggressive.
[Daniel] Just take it slow.
[Johnny] No, not take it slow.
We gotta go after 'em.
[tense music plays]
[grunting]
[Sam yells]
-Go after her! Stop backing up!
-Slow down.
Johnny, will you let me sensei too?
They need to stay balanced.
[Johnny] Well, we need to start going big,
or we're goin' home.
[announcer] Miguel Diaz of Miyagi-Do
fighting courageously,
refusing to go down.
[suspenseful music plays]
[announcer] Point.
[suspenseful music continues]
-[groans]
-[announcer] Point.
[inaudible speech]
[dramatic music plays]
[announcer] Point.
[dramatic music continues]
[announcer] And the final point
of the round goes to the Iron Dragons.
[music stops]
[upbeat music plays]
[Daniel] Everyone, listen up.
All right, this morning's event was tough,
but let's not get discouraged just yet.
We have two more events today.
Eliminations don't begin
till the second one.
[Demetri] Whoa, whoa, whoa.
If that wasn't the elimination round,
what is?
Getting our heads cut off with swords?
We knew this wasn't gonna be easy.
We're going up against
the best dojos in the world,
but don't forget
you guys are one of 'em too.
Yeah, so start fighting like it.
[Daniel] Johnny, come on, man.
The best thing you can do right now
is just clear your minds, get some rest,
you know, put this behind you.
You got this, all right?
I believe in you.
All right, let's go.
Hey, listen, I'm gonna go
check in on Chozen.
Why bother? The way he's been puking
all morning, he won't be up all day.
I still don't get
why he thinks drinking himself sick
is gonna get him over his heartbreak.
'Cause people don't always
take the right approach.
-Like the way you've been sensei-ing.
-Here we go.
You tell them to take it easy
when they're getting buried alive.
Yelling at them
will not make them fight better, okay?
They need encouragement and focus.
They need points.
This is a tournament, remember?
If we end up at the bottom of the rankings
going into the elimination round,
we might as well say adios.
Johnny, we cannot keep arguing like this.
Not if we wanna beat these other dojos.
The Iron Dragons have fighters
from around the world.
Their sensei is a former three-time champ.
I don't care. He's a pussy.
I'm not scared of him.
Yeah, well,
he's certainly not gonna be scared of us,
seeing that we can't even figure out
how to sensei together.
I've been letting you do your
go-take-a-nap-find-your-balance bullshit,
but clearly it's not working.
How do you expect these kids
to master Miyagi-Do
if one of their senseis
keeps calling it bullshit?
Know what's bullshit?
Letting them keep losing
'cause you care more
about honoring some dead guy's legacy
than doing what'll actually help them win.
[woman] Mr. LaRusso?
-Someone left this for you.
-[Daniel] Thank you.
Holy shit.
[Johnny] What? Is that the bill
from the minibar? Chozen should pay.
-No. I gotta go. This is important.
-More important than the tournament?
We still have a few hours.
I'll be back before the next event.
All right. Don't come back
until you get your damn head on straight.
[Kreese] Well, what do we have here?
Someone's in a hurry.
What, are you running away
after your dojo's brilliant performance?
Well, I totally sucked out there.
We all did terribly.
Yeah, but I landed flat on my ass.
God, I can't believe I'm making
such an embarrassment of myself.
It would help
if our senseis got on the same page.
Johnny needs to start
working with my dad better.
Well, I mean, I don't think
it was all Sensei Lawrence's fault.
What's up, everyone?
It's your queen of karate here.
Just finished
our second Sekai Taikai event,
where the Dragons absolutely slayed.
Although it was awesome
to see other badass girls of karate
fighting out there.
Anyway, let's see if any of these
other dojos there try to dethrone us.
And to all my fans,
I'm here to win for you.
So stay tuned.
I'll post again after the next event.
Zara out.
Sorry, I only do intros on my stories
for fighters who win their events.
It's a brand thing,
so don't take it personally.
[pop music plays]
[scoffs]
Wow.
"It's a brand thing."
[music stops]
[shower running]
What if we just skip
the rest of the events?
Hit Las Ramblas, pick up some churros?
What? You're already giving up?
Okay, well, let's be realistic here.
There's no way that we can win.
At this point, I'd rather not lose
any more brain cells.
Oh my God, we get it. You're going to MIT.
Let them know about your rank-ass farts.
No, no. [sputters] That was not me.
Just saying.
Whoever denied it supplied it.
[mutters]
Hey, Miguel, dude. You okay?
You fought really good.
Thanks, bro. Yeah, I'm… I'm good,
but I don't know about Robby, man.
I don't know what's going on in his head
but he's not fighting the same.
He's probably bummed out
about Tory being on Cobra Kai.
He needs to get over it. At this rate,
it's not gonna matter if we advance
'cause he's gonna be
fighting for us in the finals.
We're screwed.
[shower stops]
I don't know if it means anything, but…
we all think it should be you out there.
It's true. Yeah.
[door opens]
What?
Uh, nothing, no.
Uh, we were just sleuthing the cold case
of who cut the cheese last night.
And as we all know, whoever smelt it…
[snaps fingers]
…dealt it.
[scoffs]
Wait, so let me get this straight, Daniel.
You're on your way to meet
some mysterious,
potentially dangerous fighter
in the middle of a country
where you don't speak the language?
Hablo un poco de español.
-Plus, I have Google Translate.
-[Amanda] Daniel, don't be cute.
I thought we agreed to move on
from digging into Mr. Miyagi's past.
That's before I learned
about the headband.
Oh, so now we're letting
ancient karate apparel drive our choices.
[Daniel] When I first met Mr. Miyagi,
he told me he was against tournaments.
Now I find out he probably fought
in the biggest one in the world
during a time of his life
he never spoke about.
His wife and newborn child had just died.
Well… I can only imagine
what he was going through.
I know. If this guy knew Mr. Miyagi,
he could shed some light on what happened.
I mean, come on,
I gotta at least talk to him.
Look, I get it, but just… [sighs]
Couldn't this have waited?
I thought you had two more events today.
This is when Serrano could meet.
It's not far. I'm gonna be back in time.
Who knows? I may get some insights
that could help with the tournament.
Just be careful.
Love you.
I will. I love you too.
[ominous music plays]
[in Spanish] Address is up there.
Are you sure it's correct?
Tourists don't come here.
Sí.
[in English] I shouldn't be long.
Do you mind waiting here?
Espera aquí?
Hey, hey!
I said wait!
[ominous music plays]
[music fades]
I'll take one of those muffin thingies.
Magdalena.
-What did you call me?
-It's what you're eating.
[in Catalan] I'll take four eggs,
hold the yolks. And no salt.
[in English] Hey, you know what? You're
not the only one who speaks Spanish.
Yo también.
[chuckles] Actually, it's, uh, Catalan.
That is what they speak here in Barcelona.
It's "Barss-elona," dipshit.
Of course it is.
Why you gotta be
such a pain in the ass at every buffet?
Well, because
how we fuel our bodies matter.
I teach my students by example
to eat nutrients
rich in protein and antioxidants
so they perform at their peak.
Maybe where you're from,
they only eat crap like this.
You don't know shit about me
or where I come from.
I know Americans.
Coddled, arrogant,
privileged.
You have no idea
what it is like to sacrifice,
what it's like to go hungry.
Even for one meal.
Everything in your life is empty calories.
Then maybe it's true.
You are what you eat.
Yeah? I'm gonna take these empty calories,
and I'm gonna shove it right up your--
[announcer] Attention
Sekai Taikai participants.
The next event will begin in 90 minutes.
Good news is your dojo won't be around
much longer to waste everyone's time,
as you'll be eliminated tonight.
Bullshit. You just better hope
you don't run into us out there.
We'll show you a thing or two
about where we come from.
I won't hold my breath.
[tense music plays]
-Senor?
-[Daniel gasps]
Oh jeez.
[in Spanish] Only five euros.
[in English] You scared me. Uh…
Sure.
Gracias.
[in Spanish] You're welcome. Thank you.
[mysterious music plays]
[in English] This must be the place.
[gate rattles]
[Daniel groans]
Dad? Where are you?
I'm getting worried. Please call me.
-[sensei] Faster! Let's go!
-[student grunts]
-[sensei] Stop!
What are you doing wrong?
-[student groans]
-[sensei] Again.
[student grunts]
[student groans]
[sensei] You're wasting my time.
Eyes here! Focus!
[suspenseful music plays]
You were supposed to be here
15 minutes ago.
I was looking for my dad. Seen him?
He stepped out.
Guess he got caught up or something.
It's probably for the best.
[official] In this final points round,
competitors will try to knock
their opponents off their platforms.
Once you have fallen, you are out.
Points are determined
off of wins, losses, and time.
Final rankings after this event
will determine placement
in tonight's elimination round.
We will now call up
the first group of fighters.
[Johnny] All right. Listen up.
Looks like I'm taking charge,
so we're doing things differently.
No more waiting around
like scared little bitches,
waiting for them to come to you.
All right? You go at them.
Aggressive. Knock 'em off first.
Those platforms are pretty narrow.
My dad would want balance.
Yeah, well, your dad's not here.
All right?
It's time for us
to start scoring some points.
Sora Haruto from Hirobukan
on platform one.
Devon Lee from Miyagi-Do
on platform two.
All right. Don't let me down, Lee.
Yes, Sensei.
[suspenseful music plays]
[Johnny] You got this, Lee. Be aggressive.
Come on, Devon!
[grunting]
[dramatic music plays]
[Johnny] Come on, Lee.
Don't sit back. Strike.
[dramatic music continues]
[Lee groans]
-[Johnny groans]
-[announcer] Lee out. Time, ten seconds.
[groans]
[buzzer blares]
We need to do better. Let's go.
After that,
you all need to step up, all right?
Come on. Let's do this.
[water trickles]
[dogs bark]
Help! Get me out of here!
[barking continues]
Please. I don't know who you are,
but you can't do this.
I'm an American.
There must be some kind of mistake.
No mistake.
This was planned? You work for Serrano?
I just need to ask him
a question about my sensei.
[barking continues]
Please! I need to get back to my students!
-[buzzer blares]
-[announcer] Keene out. Time, 45 seconds.
[Johnny] All right, Miguel.
You're our last chance for points.
Come on, let's get it done.
[tense music plays]
[both exclaim]
[both grunt]
[tense music continues]
[dramatic music plays]
[buzzer blares]
[announcer] Phan out. Time, 40 seconds.
[Johnny] Oh crap.
Sensei?
Sensei, did you see that knee?
[Johnny] It's too little, too late, man.
We're near the bottom of the standings.
There's nothing to celebrate here.
What?
Hey! Where the hell
you think you're going?
Back to the hotel
to wash off this disgrace.
You're not getting off that easy.
Locker room. Now.
What I saw from you just now,
it wasn't karate.
It was weakness.
You fought like little lambs
waiting for slaughter.
We keep going like this,
we get eliminated tonight.
Some of you will put this behind you.
But some of you are gonna carry this
for the rest of your lives.
Knowing you had this chance
to make something of yourselves.
But instead, you crumbled under pressure.
And you're gonna go on to live shit lives
in shitty apartments with shit jobs.
And always have to live with this failure.
So if you wanna save some humiliation,
why don't we just skip the next round
and catch the next flight home?
[melancholy music plays]
What is wrong with you guys?
Where's your fight?
Aren't you gonna stand up for yourselves?
You keep blaming us
like this isn't on you too.
If my Dad had been there,
we never would've lost like that.
-Yeah, well, he didn't show up.
-Probably because of you.
You keep disrespecting him,
trying to prove your way is better,
when it's so clear
that we should've been using Miyagi-Do.
-You shouldn't even be wearing that gi.
-Hey! Don't talk to my sensei like that.
Your sensei got you knocked off the board
in ten seconds.
I would sit down if I were you.
You're not helping us. I don't even know
how you made this team.
Well, I, for one, will be putting
all of this behind me when I'm off to MI--
Shut the fuck up about MIT.
Some of us care about winning
the tournament. Be nice if you did too.
Guys, can we cool it? This isn't helping.
We need to focus up.
Maybe you should listen
to your own advice.
Got something to say?
I already did.
[Johnny] Hey, I'm not finished.
No offense, but I'm pretty sure
we've heard enough from you.
Guys, come on.
Robby.
Sorry, Dad.
[Daniel] Come on! Let me out!
Just tell your boss
I knew Nariyoshi Miyagi.
[dogs barking]
I'm sorry, bud.
I wanna get out as much as you do.
[dog whines]
[Daniel] I am such an idiot.
He led me down the wrong path this trip.
Now I don't know if I'm ever getting out.
[sighs] Not even you can help me.
[barking continues]
[suspenseful music plays]
[music crescendos]
-[server] Sir?
-Just give it to me.
[server] There you are, sir.
[Kreese] Johnny.
Looks like things are going swimmingly
for you at Miyagi-Do.
Where's your partner?
I hope he didn't run into any trouble.
[quiet ominous music plays]
[music fades]
Hey, um, Sensei. Can I talk to you?
Hey, what's wrong?
I just…
I just… I just wanted
to get here so badly.
To… to prove to you and everyone
that I'm a badass,
but I ended up doing something I regret.
And I hurt someone.
[crying] And… and… and for what?
I knew I couldn't beat Kenny,
so I had to cheat
to make sure I would win.
And now I'm here,
and I'm getting demolished out there.
I can't compete with the others.
[cries] I don't deserve to be here.
Hey, hey, hey.
Come here.
[gentle music plays]
[Johnny] Listen, you wanna talk regret?
If I had a dollar for every time
I'd done something I regret,
I'd be a gajillionaire.
One thing I'll never regret is
all the work I put into students like you.
I've been putting
a lot of pressure on you lately,
so I'll take my share of the blame
for this Kenny situation.
If I ever pushed you beyond your limits,
it's because I know
you're capable of more than you think.
I'll always have your back. All right?
So don't think about regret right now.
Just think about kicking ass out there.
Because I know you can.
Your team needs you more than you know.
About Kenny, I'm not gonna be
the first to say anything.
I'll leave it up to you
how you wanna come clean.
All right?
All right.
[sniffs] Thanks, Sensei.
You bet.
You know, maybe all this Miyagi-Do
good energy bullshit isn't bullshit.
[sniffs]
All right.
Go warm up with the others.
I'll meet you there.
[sighs]
[Daniel] Sorry, I'm unavailable.
Please leave a message.
Hey, LaRusso, look, uh…
It's me. It's Johnny. Listen, uh…
I know I said some things, like how
you shouldn't come back or whatever,
but I didn't actually mean that.
You and I, we have our moments,
but the one thing we share
is we're there for the kids…
and they need you right now.
I can't believe I'm saying this,
but I guess I need you too, so…
just get your ass back here.
[cell phone chimes]
[dogs barking]
[man 1 in Spanish] I'm going
to check on our friend.
[barking continues]
Come on!
Jesus Christ, he picked the lock.
Damn.
[suspenseful music plays]
-[man 1 grunts]
-[dramatic music plays]
[man 2 yells]
[in English] Next time, feed your dogs.
-[dog barks]
-[man 2 screams]
[dramatic music continues]
-[music fades]
-[crowbar clinks]
[man 2 continues screaming]
[suspenseful music plays]
[man 3] Where do you think you're going?
Come on. Let's go.
[suspenseful music continues]
You know karate.
[both grunting]
[tense music plays]
-[Daniel groans]
-[tense music continues]
-[Daniel grunts]
-[man 3 groans]
[tense music continues]
[music fades]
You're Cobra Kai?
You work for Kreese.
[suspenseful music plays]
[man 3 groans]
[dramatic music plays]
[man 3 yells]
-[Daniel grunts]
-[man 3 groans]
-[man 3 yells]
-[Daniel grunts]
[dramatic music continues]
[man 3 groans]
[music fades]
This isn't over.
[tense music plays]
[Robby] Miguel.
Miguel, hey, can we talk, please?
Look, you obviously got some shit to get
off your chest about me, so just say it.
Fine. Since no one else is gonna tell you.
You have the opportunity of a lifetime
to be captain,
and you're blowing it.
You've lost every one of your matches.
It's like you don't even care.
It hasn't exactly been the easiest for me.
It was never supposed to be easy, okay?
You knew being captain
would've changed my life.
Well, it's not all about you, dude.
It can change my life too.
Hold a grudge all you want,
but I won it fair and square.
Sure. But you're also gonna be the reason
we go home with nothing.
So either man up
or admit I'm fighting better than you
and hand it over.
[suspenseful music plays]
We have now entered
the elimination phase of the Sekai Taikai.
The dojos who do not win tonight
will be headed home.
The previous rounds
have determined your current rankings.
The number one team
will face the number 16 team.
The number two team
will face the number 15 team,
and so on and so on.
Okay, that means at number 12,
we're facing number five, Dublin Thunder.
Oh, great. I heard they started a fight
with some locals at the beach.
They're always looking for a brawl.
[announcer 1] Now,
for the rules of the event.
Fighters will again face off
on a platform.
[suspenseful music plays]
This platform.
But this time,
two fighters from each dojo
are allowed at one time.
[buzzer blares]
[dramatic music plays]
[announcer 1] If one
of your fighters falls…
-[fighter 1 yells]
-[fighter 2 grunts]
[announcer 1] …they are out.
[laughter]
[announcer 1] But another teammate
can climb up to take their place.
[yells]
[announcer 1] However,
the fight never stops.
So get up there quick
to not leave
your teammate alone two-on-one.
[grunting]
[fighter groans]
[announcer 1] When all the fighters
of a dojo have been knocked off,
the team is out.
[announcer 2] Advancing to the next round,
the Iron Dragons!
[yells]
Was this dude made in a lab?
He's like a mix between the Winter Soldier
and Frankenstein's monster.
Don't call him a monster.
You don't know him or what he deals with.
[dramatic music plays]
[woman] We love you, Zara.
[announcer 2] Next up, Korea's Cobra Kai
versus Sweden's Polarslaget.
[buzzer blares]
[grunting]
[tense music plays]
[grunting continues]
[Kwon yells]
[dramatic music plays]
[announcer 2] Wow. Impressive performance
by Tory Nichols of Cobra Kai.
They advance to the next round.
Yes!
[crowd] Tory! Tory!
Tory! Tory! Tory! Tory!
[announcer 2] Next on the platform,
Dublin Thunder versus Miyagi-Do.
Hey.
I know I didn't act like it before,
but I wish your dad was here too.
I'm sure he's okay.
I'll do my best
to fill his shoes until he's back.
Yes, Sensei.
All right.
All right, let's bring it in.
I got something to say.
It's been a tough day.
Probably shouldn't have been such a dick
to all of you, but I want you to know
that I believe with every bone in my body
that you can do this.
You guys know
a lot more about balance than me,
so remember everything Sensei LaRusso said
and use all your Miyagi-Do skills
to stay up there.
[Miguel] Yeah, let's go.
I'm thinking we should start strong
with our captains. Sam.
Robby.
Devon, you'll go next.
Hawk, Demetri.
And Miguel's our anchor.
Let's do this.
[suspenseful music plays]
[Johnny] Come on, LaRusso.
Let's go, Robby. You guys got this.
[suspenseful music crescendos]
[grunting]
[dramatic music plays]
[Sam] Ais!
[suspenseful music builds]
[rock music plays]
[Johnny] It's okay, Robby.
You got this, champ. Go.
[rock music continues]
[grunting]
[dramatic music plays]
[Johnny] LaRusso!
Miyagi-Do!
[dramatic music continues]
[grunting continues]
[Sam yells]
[dramatic music continues]
Hell yeah! More of that.
Think you're so tough?
Well, I'll show you tough, bitch. [grunts]
[dramatic music continues]
[Sam groans]
Go.
[dramatic music continues]
[yells]
[Devon yells]
[crowd gasp]
All right. Go get 'em, kid.
Nice sacrifice.
Badass, Lee!
[grunting]
[dramatic music plays]
[Hawk] What the hell?
[dramatic music continues]
[groans]
Oh shit!
Sorry, dude! Sorry, du--
[groans]
Shit.
Hey.
Watch how it's done.
[suspenseful music plays]
Fuck yeah! Come on!
Come on!
[cheering and applause]
-[fighters grunt]
-Ais!
[dramatic music plays]
[crowd gasp]
Yeah!
Yes!
[announcer 2] Incredible performance
from Miyagi-Do's Miguel Diaz.
His triumph sends Miyagi-Do
to the next round.
[triumphant music plays]
What the feck was that?!
What the hell?
[triumphant music continues]
[cheering and applause]
[cell phone rings]
Hey, Rosa.
You won't believe what just happened.
Wait. What? Slow down. Slow down.
Well, well, well.
You were missed at the events today.
Did you, uh, get yourself
caught up in something?
Think you can fuck with me?
Take it easy, Danny boy.
It's only a tournament.
Dad?
Sam. Sam.
I'm so sorry I wasn't here today.
I was so worried. Where were you?
[Daniel] I, um…
I, uh, wish I had a good reason.
I went out for lunch. I got in a… a cab,
and we… we, um…
It's a long story. Okay?
But how'd we do here?
It was… rough.
But… we made it through to the next round.
Good.
I… I promise I will
not let you down again.
Okay?
Hey, listen, Johnny. I got your voice--
-What's going on?
-I got a call from Rosa.
Carmen's been rushed to the hospital.
Something went wrong with the pregnancy.
What?
When? Uh, is she gonna be okay?
I don't know.
I talked to Miguel. We're leaving tonight.
I haven't told the others.
I'll take care of it.
Just focus on getting there.
Leave everything to me.
All right.
Thanks, man.
[tense music plays]
[music fades]
[theme music plays]